[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: Pull
exercise two up with me.
Again, pull up the read me and the EX2.js.
>> Kyle Simpson: I'll go ahead and
close exercise one,
since we're not using that anymore.
Let's look at the read me for
exercise two.
It says define foo so
that it produces a function,
we've already seen that, and
that function needs to remember only
the first two arguments
that were passed to foo.
And then the function
that we've returned back,
it needs to always add those two together.
>> Kyle Simpson: Parse
through that read me.
>> Kyle Simpson: Make sure you fully
understand what it's asking for,
here's the set up.
>> Kyle Simpson: I should be able to make
a function called x that's already
remembering the 3 and the 4, and
every time I call x I'm gonna get 7 out.
>> Kyle Simpson: Not
very many lines of code, but let's make
sure you have your brains wrapped around
how we can use closure, okay?